[Music]
I've also encountered the
suguana, okay?  Telling me this
nonsense.  But anyway, I
put this here in this thread about
Antonia defending herself, okay?  And
defending himself every day.  Well, here we
see her exchanging a few words with
her new friend Ret, okay?  With which
audios are sent and collaborated and
retweeted the newsboy.  Ret Well,
retweeting and replying to the
newsboy, okay?  Just like that.  Okay, this
is funny, but anyway,
we'll talk about that.  Paula.  Hey handsome, my
first time donating to you.  I don't always
agree with all your opinions, but
I admire your information.  Try to be
fair and be true to your opinions.  A
kiss, Paula.  Thanks a lot.  I
love you very much.  Uh, well, it turns out
that the sugu worm had
a problem with the video I uploaded the
other day on the main page.  I mean,
I don't know what's wrong with the video or I don't
know if it's the video or the thumbnail that he doesn't like
.  Okay, let's go, it was
a bit of a video, well, I felt like updating
the topic of selling and chocas.  Eh, I think it
's a video where I don't even
disrespect either of them or
anything, but I do tell a little about
Sugu Susana's thing, right?  That
was sort of there in the middle, Selin's relationship
with Antonio, eh, and Sugusana,
also in the end she's a person who
defends Felipe 360, she's his friend, she
admires him, she adores him and a lot of things.
I actually forgot and I forgot to
put this in here, man.  I forgot to include the
thing about the friend who
posted that tweet when the sugugusana posted it, okay?
What the [ __ ] is this?
A friend came to me and asked, where is she?
There's the thing about the friend, yes, this, this,
this.  My friend comes up to me and says, "The fact
that this 40-year-old guy is a
high school wanker putting my
friend up there to create clickbait is
something I expected, honestly. Stop
jerking off, Oliveira, okay? Stop jerking off.
You'll see when he finds out that I don't make
the thumbnails for my channel or anything
like that, okay? But hey, they'll
understand that someday. But of course, I
gave him the answer he wanted, and that you called
me a wanker and I said, "Dude, your
friend, if it's true that she's your
friend, right?  Your friend, your friend,
Susana, is more into admiring other types of
wankers." Which one? Well, those who
jerk off thinking about babies. If we're talking about
wankers, I personally
fall in with some person,
not a YouTuber, okay? Maybe
some night when I'm off my rocker, I'll get the
stupid thing, right? Well, that
's very natural, in fact, I
recommend it because if you keep it all
inside, but that's always the case, okay?
If you keep things inside and don't
get them out, well, it's bad. It's like when
you have a little thing there from someone who doesn't
say it, who doesn't say it, you have to
let it all out, leave it inside your
body, it's unnecessary, you have to get it out, okay? The
same thing happens with wanking, but well,
always, always, there are always pages
for that. There are even paid pages,
like Only Fun, right? But the one
thing I wouldn't jerk off to would be
babies,  Okay? That's a little shady.
Sending pictures of your balls to
younger people is also a little weird, right?
So, tell your friend,
this suguana, okay?  Felipe is great
because sometimes I want to give an opinion
on something and I don't know how to do it,
so I just have to go to his Twitter
and he says exactly what I was thinking.
No, every time I go on Twitter and see
Felipe talking about factors, it doesn't matter
when you read this, right?  Well, these are
Felipe's factors.
Personally, I am
completely against that type of character.
I think it's dangerous that they have nets,
okay?  I mean, honestly, what
was Susana's friend's response
?  But Dallas, are you Dallas's dog
?  Look, I'll tell you again.   I'd
always rather be a dog, okay?
Because in the end, a dog, if he gets into trouble, will
do it with a cushion if necessary, but I'll
never be a pedophile, okay?  Who dreams
of doing it with minors.  So,
yes, whatever you say, but go ahead.
So the thing is, well,
here Antonia doesn't say Antonia here
defending, of course, her daughter,
okay?  Because obviously in this T she
's defending her daughter and she's
defending herself from bullying, okay?  As it
could not be otherwise according to the
extra.  Says a 40-year-old guy who
spends his life stalking.  If they are women,
better.  And if they are young, that's the limit.
That's their job.  Mm.  Of course, Antonio,
no no you don't like my gossip content
because of my age.  I've seen you trying to
contact Jorge Javier Vázquez and I've
seen you putting your little daughter Corredera
on Kiko Hernández, on the entire
Sálvame staff.  Maybe you were looking for a
documentary.  Sure, that could be it,
right?  Your dream.  But of course, if they are
women, even better, and if they are young, that's the
limit.  Juanjo, like a young man and like a
woman, okay?  In Joan Planas, as a
young man and as a woman.  Now Rae, as a
young woman and as a woman.  I
answer back to whoever attacks me, be it a woman, a
man, or an Apache helicopter, okay?  But
anyway, Antonia, I understand that you don't
like my work. I understand that you have
exquisite taste and that my work
isn't your thing.  Sure, I create a lot of
content, I have a ton of topics that I
cover throughout the day, right?  And every day
I try to do more things and in the best
way possible, right?  Of course, you're more
into channels like the ones you
promote, aren't you?  Laserlen, for example,
right?  What I do seems like harassment to you
.  I understand that your concept of harassment
is what I do when you promote
this, okay?  This is a this is
Antonia's friend.  Antonia's friend,
okay?  These are their live shows.  Dallas,
Dallas, Dallas has created a podcast
called Please Don't Tell Your Mother,
Okay?  Dallas, Dallas, Dallas, Dallas, Dallas, Dallas, Dallas, Dallas, Dallas, Dallas, Dallas, Dallas,
and a dash of Dallas.
Well, actually, actually, and he also
uploads an excerpt and uploads a video with
thumbnails, well, very appropriate for
this man, who by the way is my
age, eh, who by the way, eh, was born the
same year as me, although it may not look like it,
okay?  but he was born the same year as me.  I
mean, we're both 40 years old, we both
make that kind of content.  Well,
that kind of content, let's see, comparing
what I do with what your friend
Antonia does, well a bit like that, right?  But it
is true that there was a day when he
commented on the Koku controversy.  The other day
Koku talked about his funa at the party and
instead of talking about it,
instead of reacting to what Coku had said
, he reacted to what I had
reacted to Coku.  I don't know, I don't know
why, okay?  But hey, that's how it is, okay?  I
mean, I'm not making this up.  First
sentence, destratification.  This guy has two demands
, huh?  He has two demands.  The
third is already being drafted and has
a penalty.  Um, the first sentence of the
extract.  The first sentence, we continue with
Kokoscu, they don't let go of his arm.  Or
maybe Antonia, well, I understand that you
like this man's content, huh?
I mean, I don't know why that would be.  I don't know
why you think what I do is harassment, but what
this man does is absolutely divine. You
send him audio recordings, you collaborate.  I
have no [ __ ] idea why that would be.  The
truth is, I can't think of anything because,
honestly, considering that you have
that yardstick in which you don't like
this type of gossip content from
YouTubers who dedicate their content to
others and so on, I have no idea
why, why it would be, and even less so
, let's say, even less so people who are being
sued for their right to honor.  Eh,
less.  Let's see the chat because of course,
this one is more to your liking, right?  Also
no.  This isn't harassment, is it?  This one has
directly leaked audios of
him yelling at his ex when he left her.   It
's not harassment, is it?  He's out
on bail for death threats
recorded in the police report, right?   He
is currently on bail and has
a trial in May.  This isn't harassment,
right?  We send him an audio and
we go into his podcast, right?  Well, he
actually sent me these places and
I have his friends.
Javi is such a jerk, Ra says, "Let's make a
bet, Javi, and I'll go to Spain, and you and
Daras will come to Miami, and we'll see
who ends up behind bars."  Dad, hey,
tell me about the evidence, hey, about the
threats to your son that you're going to carry.  The
crying woman of Seville, the parakeet has you
crazy, man.  Knowing your
history with debt, you're
literally betting nothing on yourself.
You're going to see what Antonia's doing because Ray
wants to make a bet with me,
huh?  You are the one who has given me money
with you.  Um, well, this is an issue
that no longer has much of a solution,
the lady is simply
defending herself and we have to let her
defend herself.  Um, Alex Politic responds to the
tweet about the suguana with two children
.  And what are you?  the
tax inspector to see if I meet the
requirements for a large family.  Um, you're
the assistant who's going to register them, I don't
know.  Tell me, blow your [ __ ].  Who are
you?  I don't know, maybe since you're
disabled, you want
me to sponsor you too and take care of you
, right, kid?  But well,
yes, Alex, I have two children that
I want far away from people like you,
okay?  Far away from people who
masturbate thinking about babies, okay?  very
far from people who dream of [ __ ]
on the chest of 14-year-old girls and very far from
people who dream and get turned on
by children's fluids.  Okay,
Alex, that's something you can think about
next time.  Ah, this is written by Felipe.
Do you know who Felipe is?  No. Your
unconditional love since pre-adolescence.
Who do you admire, okay?  So, yes,
of course.  I have two children, but
I want them far away from people like you, far
away, far away.  I come across you guys
on social media because I have no other
choice, but oh well.
[Music]